[Music]
is your phone hiding secret tricks and
features from you do you believe the
most common myths about making your
battery last longer and why doesn't this
palm-sized computer need an internal fan
like your PC
do I sound whiny enough ok enough
questions let's get some answers
starting with those hidden features
phone developers often leave Easter eggs
within their product you wouldn't find
them if you didn't know where to look
and let me know down in the comments
which ones work for you for example
there are many games on Android devices
that visually correspond to the name of
the operating system update to find a
game head into settings about phone
click on the Android version to open the
page with all that info then tap on it
repeatedly until a big logo page opens
click on the logo a few times again and
the mini game will open iPhone users
won't find any secret games but the
developer still hid some Easter eggs in
surprisingly visible places here are
some of the coolest go to the Safari
browser open any site and click the
share button then add to reading list to
find a secret homage to Apple's late
founder the symbol for this feature is
glasses that were modeled after Steve
Jobs iconic round pair if you're on an
iPhone now take a look at the open book
emoji in the virtual keyboard this small
icon encrypts a quote from Apple's
famous think different advertising
campaign you will be able to read it of
course the print is way too small you'll
have to extract the source file from the
emoji and enlarge it to see the
inscription moving on to a cool Easter
Egg hidden in the voice memo app ever
wondered with a Soundwave on the icon
means turn on the app and say Apple the
phone will record a track with a very
similar sound way maps app icon has been
changed several times but it's always
shown a real address at first it was the
company's old location but now it shows
us the new Apple Park address
hidden treasures are fun and all but
let's get into more practical stuff like
how to make your phone charge last and
keep prying eyes out of your personal
info or answer a call when you've got
ground-beef all over your hands if your
phone has an AMOLED or OLED screen then
you can significantly save battery power
by making the wallpaper a jet-black
picture this type of display consists of
organic light-emitting diode sounds
fancy but it basically emits light when
a current passes through it black is the
absence of light so the screen doesn't
light up only the icons and symbols do
your battery will stay juiced up a lot
longer than if you have a bright
colorful wallpaper or even worse a
moving one now there's a widespread
belief that you should always close all
open applications to save battery but
phone developers have said many times
that background apps don't waste energy
they just wait until you start them
again and reopening these apps from the
background mode is much easier for the
phone than opening a completely closed
one another myth is that you have to let
the phone run out of juice completely
and then recharge it don't do this it
isn't good for the battery what does
work is turning off the sound and
especially the vibration and if you want
your phone to charge faster and the
juice to last longer turn off the
internet and unnecessary networks if
you're not using them by the way
Wi-Fi internet is more energy efficient
than a mobile network next time someone
asks to use your phone and you're a
little worried they might start tapping
where you rather they didn't you can
enable the guided access feature if
you're an iPhone user it's in the
settings under accessibility this
function lets you hide any information
from prying eyes and there's a ton of
apps in Google Play and the App Store
with this feature how about this you've
got your headphones on and you'll get a
call it's cold outside and you don't
want to pull your hands out of your
pockets to see who's calling you the
announced calls feature is just what you
need in such a situation your phone will
tell you the caller's name through the
headphone
one of the coolest features on your
phone is actually something it's lacking
an internal fan like computers have
internal fans cool the machine down
right well most phones are equipped with
hardware that doesn't allow them to heat
up to extreme temperatures they have
special sheets that help with thermal
diffusion to keep your gadget cool
the case also does its part by absorbing
any heat coming from the device and then
emitting it outside such methods were
created to save space in the phone so
that a mini fan isn't needed this
wouldn't work on a computer though
there's too much load on the internal
parts and without good cooling it just
shuts down
if you need to scan an important
document no need to rush to the nearest
copy center you have everything you need
in your pocket you can install an app on
your smart phone that takes photos of
your document processes this picture so
that it looks like a print and converts
it to the desired format if you don't
have a very good camera then you might
need to use a real printer sorry you can
use your phone as a TV remote good news
for anyone who tends to lose those
things certain apps allow you to connect
to your TV through Wi-Fi or Bluetooth
there are also apps that can turn your
phone into a surveillance camera that
takes pictures as soon as movement
occurs in the frame the phone can also
respond to noise and be used as a baby
monitor though these features should
only be used temporarily when absolutely
necessary it's better to use designated
devices for these cases than a smart
phone one of the coolest things is that
you can turn your phone into an
ultraviolet detector no need for the app
store with this trick it's all DIY you
just need some clear tape and two
markers purple and blue stick a piece of
tape on the phones flash and color it
with the blue marker stick another layer
on top coloring that one purple add two
more color layers in this sequence now
you can check banknotes for authenticity
with this detector and see invisible ink
and fingerprints
suppose you're in the kitchen making
dinner your elbows deep in ground beef
and your phone is ringing
you don't have to get your phone dirty
or wash your hands quickly to answer I'm
not talking about just your control
right now you can download an app that
will allow you to control your phone
using head gestures that is as long as
you have a pretty recent OS or maybe
unlock the phone with your nose instead
of your ground beef covered fingerprint
yep you can add a print of your nose and
even your toes on the iPhone true you'll
have to try hard to unlock the phone
this way but sounds like a fun challenge
to me here's a useful feature for anyone
who likes to text so everybody I take it
if you want to rewrite a word or correct
a mistake you don't need to move your
cursor over the text hold down the space
button and move the cursor to the
desired location Android users can open
detailed development settings for their
phone by turning on a special developer
mode to do this go to the settings click
about phone and tap build number seven
times after that the developer functions
will open for you return to the previous
screen to find developer options near
the bottom now you can configure the
functions of speed communication quality
and change the system's appearance yeah
well I think I'd rather try to open my
phone with my toes sounds more fun don't
you think if you lost your phone at home
haven't we all then you can go to your
Android or Apple account through the
browser on the computer and display the
location of the phone of course it won't
give you the exact place like hey your
phone is under the bed but you can send
a sound signal to help you find it if
you lost your phone outside the house
you can call it display messages for
whoever finds the phone completely block
and delete all data but hopefully you'll
never have to use this tip so hey if you
learn something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend
and here are some other cool videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and room
member stay on the bright side of life